if there are game those responsible for the
sniper costs go into a formula
something more subtle and direct than what we
they were used to in their new
proposal for pc xbox 360 and precision 3
enemy front while the main
triple-a shooters focus on
current or future conflicts
If there is, take advantage of it to take us
new to the second world war
thematic that for a long time now
serves as inspiration in shooters
wars on this occasion we will see and
We live through the war robert
hopkins an American reporter who does not
will hesitate at all when it comes to getting
in actions in the early stages of
game we see hopkins already as a member
active of the resistance in the fight
against the third reich bought we advance
in each of the different versions and
like playable flashback we live the
episodes that took him from being a
reporter looking for the report of his
life to be one of the most
decisive of all the resistance
throughout the 16 missions we will jump
to different temporary events that
they marked accept decision as well
we will know the characters that
they make up the group that the enemy joined
from allows us to advance as
stealth sniper
using sabotage or using force
gross these actions are possible
thanks to the three weapons we carry
gun rifle and rifle that we can
exchange for others of the same type
that we will find in the game area
We can also make use of the
binoculars to detect enemies
throw stones to confuse attacking
the back take hostages as a shield
human throwing grenades with the button
top right or cocktails mólotov with
the upper left one can each
consider your strategy, especially taking
note that the scenarios rarely
they are narrow offering the possibility
to use one style or another to advance
in addition to the main missions
we can meet other secondary ones if the
activate or we find save a
civil destroy enemy trucks radios
caterpillars and so on at certain times it
allows us to select one path or another
far from taking us to different
made this election
it refers to where we got to the
key point being usually the
same objective point let's go where
let's go so the replay factor
that could have been offered with this
decision is diluted almost immediately the
rhythm of play is good by presenting a
proposal that would be halfway
between the most frantic shooters and
rhythm sniper games more
paused if we use the sniper rifle
and we are accurate we will see the trajectory
of the bullet typical of the games of yes
there is game if we prefer to advance using the
more direct action in targeted car not
will be of great help in most of
Sometimes, sometimes it also fails and
points us towards the air
the enemies know how to hide but not
they are very clever well then we know
we look in our heads, almost always
appears in the same place
so if we die for whatever it is in
some time we just have to remember
kill and move forward we recover
life if we cover ourselves by moving
the ground to protect us if we go
running and we throw ourselves to the ground
we reload ammo automatically
going through the ammunition boxes
the gameplay we liked more than the
his previous productions although he is
far from being a great game that reaches
stand out in nothing special there are good
intentions and he has gotten a good
quality jump in general but remains
away from the competition
even so we claim that we owe a
opportunity because it will please those who are
tired of playing the usual
deliveries shooters to the story you
missing a bit more than hook maybe
a different order would have been better
of the missions explaining in order
chronological what happened and not with jumps
temporary
there are some sentences of script quite
absurdities like and you survived the
attack for clear and if not I will not be here
obviously the same happens with the
first mission that serves as a tutorial
something loose to make a start there
hidden treasures to find them
you will have to enter each house hut and
hiding catch them all will not be easy
although it is not that it contributes much
find them staying almost in something
anecdotal in fact we are not motivated to
replay the title or for the reward
nor for the game itself, therefore, with finishing one
once
it is likely that we already have enough
in the graphic it has finally been abandoned
the use of the chrome engine in favor of
crytek cry engine although we do not know
that cry engine has been used by
results is not that they are
shocking this section would receive a
Overall rating of remarkable position
that there are well- recreated areas that
contrast with some others of
improvable result some textures are
bad are you the introductory scenes
in which the camera shows the
Paused sequence is the most colorful of the
game the dub is in English counting
with subtitles in Spanish music
incidental is encouraged when there are enemies
disappearing almost completely when
there is no Nazi left in the area
title is completed with a multiplayer
which has cost us to find
players or almost nobody has this game
or nobody plays multiplayer or is that
the servers go very badly and not
they find nobody three ways are
that we find combat to death combat
to death by equipment and radio transmission
a kind of area domain where
we must activate the radio stations
dominated to emit the signal the
multiplayer is like
anecdotal being a mere complement
thirty euros is a good price for
this production a game that is more than
correct but you will play once and
surely little else that has its
failures and their shortcomings but that moves away
of the usual and that manages to maintain a
own personality improving what is seen
said and game